README.md, before:

# Module 1: Horiseon Code Refactor 

## Description 

For this challenge, I was tasked with refactoring the codebase of a fictional marketing agency's website. Horiseon essentially wanted the codebase to adhere to web accessibility standards for prime optimization as a search engine.

There are several motives behind this project. It marks the introduction to HTML and CSS and allows one to understand how to simplify the redundancies in an existing codebase. The main objective of this challenge is to refactor the existing codebase by removing excess code and meeting the web accessibility standards for users. 

The following image displays the web application's updated appearance and functionality:


## Installation 

N/A

## Usage 

This site consists of information on the fictional services Horiseon offers. This module is an example of how one can refactor/simplify code and make it more accessible for users. 

## Credit 
The original page and style was designed by Horiseon Social Solution Services, Inc. 

## License

Please refer to the LICENSE listed in the repo.

Commit message:

updated readme; added user story, acceptance criteria, deployed url; about to add screenshot of site

README.md, after:

# Module 1: Horiseon Code Refactor 

## Description 

For this challenge, I was tasked with refactoring the codebase of a fictional marketing agency's website. Horiseon essentially wanted the codebase to adhere to web accessibility standards for prime optimization as a search engine.

There are several motives behind this project. It marks the introduction to HTML and CSS and allows one to understand how to simplify the redundancies in an existing codebase. The main objective of this challenge is to refactor the existing codebase by removing excess code and meeting the web accessibility standards for users. 

## User Story
AS A marketing agency
I WANT a codebase that follows accessibility standards
SO THAT our own site is optimized for search engines

## Acceptance Criteria
In order to meet the acceptance criteria, the web application must meet accessibility standards.
According to the information provided, a webpage meets accessibility standards when:
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title


## Screenshot 
The following image displays the web application's updated appearance and functionality:

## URL of the deployed application
https://ima2132.github.io/horiseon/ 

## Installation 

N/A

## Usage 

This site consists of information on the fictional services Horiseon offers. This module is an example of how one can refactor/simplify code and make it more accessible for users. 

## Credit 
The original page and style was designed by Horiseon Social Solution Services, Inc. 

## License

Please refer to the LICENSE listed in the repo.
